EHP checklist

From https://ehp.niehs.nih.gov/authors/preparing-your-manuscript

- Line Numbering: Enable continuous line numbering on all manuscripts 
(i.e., line numbers should NOT restart at 1 on each page). Manuscripts 
received without continuous line numbers will be returned to the author 
for revision before peer review.

- Title Page: Include the following items in the order shown, beginning 
on the first page of the manuscript:
    + Manuscript title
    + Names of the authors, with the first name provided first
    + Affiliations of all authors (department, institution, city, 
      state/province, and country)
    + Complete contact information for the corresponding author 
      (name, email address, and postal address) 
    + Declaration of competing financial interests (CFI)

- Suggested Length: Suggested length is < 7,000 words, excluding the text 
in the abstract, references, tables, figure legends or captions, acknowledgments, 
and Supplemental Material.

- Title: The title should consist of ≤ 300 characters and should state the subject 
of the paper and include relevant information to help potential readers determine 
whether the paper might be related to their interests or needs. Relevant information 
includes the exposure(s) and outcome(s) assessed, and whether the study was 
observational or experimental. For epidemiological studies, consider key characteristics 
of the study population (e.g., gender, age, location, cohort) and design. For 
experimental studies, indicate the experimental model, including species or 
in vitro system(s). The title should not be a declarative statement of the study 
results or conclusions.

- Abstract: Include a structured abstract of ≤ 300 words using the following 
headings: Background, Objectives, Methods, Results, Discussion. The abstract should not
include references or any information that does not appear in the text of the manuscript. 
We recommend that authors indicate study names or sources of data that are integral to 
the study. Summarize major findings in a balanced manner, rather than focusing only on 
findings that support the study hypothesis.

- Main Text Structure: Sections should appear in the following order:
    + Introduction
    + Methods 
    + Results
    + Discussion
    + References
    + Tables
    + Figure legends or captions
Concise subheadings (≤ 8 words each) may be used to designate major topics within each of these sections. Subheadings should be used to organize information, but should not summarize or interpret results or conclusions. Do not exceed three levels of headings, including the main headers.

